## The Tamper Resistant Library 
The Tamper Resistant Library, or the Tamper Evident Library is a .NET tool to turn natural keys that point to domain data, be they names, identifiers, primary keys into a reversible, pseudorandom string to be used in interactions over the web. 

Say for example, an order entry application requires the use of the natural key of OrderId from the ERP system as a URL parameter on Web facing application. The ERP system, having not been designed to be exposed to the Internet, increments the OrderId by 1 for each new order. Knowledge of the natural key OrderId by a nefarious actor is helpful, and testing the Web facing application with Ids incremented sequentially may yield additional information for the nefarious actor. 

The Tamper Evident Key tool allows the integer OrderId to be converted into a case insensitive pseudorandom string in the form of “mxm2tmmbm3bzxs4neybaitq5j3vfujudnq”. This string can be used to point to the OrderId source record in an obfuscated manner, whether it is in a URL parameter, hidden form field or other public facing data record. When referencing back to the OrderId, the tamper evident key can be used in a link or posted form variable. When the tamper evident key is returned to the server for processing, the key can be reversibly decrypted back to the original OrderId integer. 

Any attempts to nefariously manipulate the tamper evident key will result in a failure to reverse decrypt the key, which will result in a .NET TamperingException that can be trapped, logged and tracked for administrator analysis. Due to the strength of the industry standard encryption algorithms used, it is highly unlikely that random tampering will yield another valid key. 
